[Sanity] Publishing wizard (#4691)
navikt/Designsystemet: aksel.nav.no/website/sanity/functions/README.md

## Sanity functions

- https://www.sanity.io/docs/functions/functions-introduction
- https://www.sanity.io/docs/blueprints/blueprints-introduction

> These functions run automatically after deploy, see ../../sanity.blueprint.ts

Reviewer: Hmm... This could be interpreted as if the functions run right after they are deployed.
What about this?

```suggestion
These functions run remotely on Sanity's infrastructure and are triggered on certain events (see ../../sanity.blueprint.ts).
NB: Needs to be deployed manually: `yarn sanity blueprints deploy`
```
